android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment: Fragment()
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gcm.GCMBaseIntentService: GCMBaseIntentService()
com.google.android.gcm.GCMBaseIntentService: GCMBaseIntentService(java.lang.String[])
com.google.android.gcm.GCMBaseIntentService: GCMBaseIntentService(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
com.google.android.gcm.GCMBroadcastReceiver: GCMBroadcastReceiver()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.BluetoothManager
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.BluetoothManager: BluetoothManager()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.BootReceiver
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.BootReceiver: BootReceiver()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ChatFragment$ImageSize: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ChatFragment$ImageSize[] values()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ChatFragment$ImageSize: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ChatFragment$ImageSize valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.FragmentsAvailable: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.FragmentsAvailable[] values()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.FragmentsAvailable: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.FragmentsAvailable valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.InCallActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.InCallActivity: InCallActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.InCallActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.InCallActivityBakup: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.IncomingCallActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.IncomingCallActivity: IncomingCallActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.KeepAliveHandler
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.KeepAliveHandler: KeepAliveHandler()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneActivity: LinphoneActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneLauncherActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneLauncherActivity: LinphoneLauncherActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneService
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneService: LinphoneService()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneService$IncallIconState: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneService$IncallIconState[] values()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneService$IncallIconState: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneService$IncallIconState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneSimpleListener$LinphoneOnAudioChangedListener$AudioState: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneSimpleListener$LinphoneOnAudioChangedListener$AudioState[] values()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneSimpleListener$LinphoneOnAudioChangedListener$AudioState: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LinphoneSimpleListener$LinphoneOnAudioChangedListener$AudioState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LoginActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LoginActivity: LoginActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.LoginActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MainActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MenubarView
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MenubarView: MenubarView(android.content.Context)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MenubarView: MenubarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MenubarView: void setSelected(boolean)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MenubarView: void setText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MenubarView: void setText(int)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MenubarView: void setTextColor(int)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.MenubarView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.NetworkManager
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.NetworkManager: NetworkManager()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.OpenGLESDisplay
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.OpenGLESDisplay: void init(int,int,int)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.OpenGLESDisplay: void render(int)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.PhoneStateChangedReceiver
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.PhoneStateChangedReceiver: PhoneStateChangedReceiver()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int bounce
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int slide_in_bottom_to_top
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int slide_in_left_to_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int slide_in_right_to_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int slide_in_top_to_bottom
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int slide_out_bottom_to_top
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int slide_out_left_to_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int slide_out_right_to_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int slide_out_top_to_bottom
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$anim: int splash
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$array: int tunnel_mode_entries
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$array: int tunnel_mode_entry_values
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int content
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int direction
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int handle
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int orientation
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int picture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int play_dtmf
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int src
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$attr: int text_size
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int allow_cancel_remote_provisioning_login_activity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int allow_chat_multiline
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int allow_edit_in_dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int allow_ringing_while_early_media
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int allow_transfers
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int auto_answer_calls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int automatically_start_intercepted_outgoing_gsm_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int call_last_log_if_adress_is_empty
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int disable_all_patented_codecs_for_markets
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int disable_all_security_features_for_markets
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int disable_animations
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int disable_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int disable_chat__message_notification
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int disable_chat_send_file
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int disable_every_log
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int disable_options_in_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int display_about_in_settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int display_account_wizard_at_first_start
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int display_call_stats
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int display_messages_time_and_status
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int display_time_aside
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int emoticons_in_messages
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int enable_call_notification
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int enable_linphone_friends
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int enable_log_collect
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int enable_push_id
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int exit_button_on_dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int forbid_empty_new_contact_in_editor
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int forbid_self_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hash_images_as_name_before_upload
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hide_accounts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hide_camera_settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hide_generic_accounts_wizard
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hide_linphone_accounts_wizard
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hide_phone_numbers_in_editor
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hide_remote_provisioning_in_wizard
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hide_sip_addresses_in_editor
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int hide_wizard
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int intercept_outgoing_gsm_calls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int isTablet
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int lock_statusbar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int never_display_sip_addresses
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int only_display_username_if_unknown
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int override_domain_using_default_one
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int pre_fill_email_in_wizard
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int replace_chat_by_about
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int replace_settings_by_about
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int replace_wizard_with_old_interface
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int setup_account_validation_mandatory
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int setup_cancel_move_to_back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int setup_use_linphone_as_first_fragment
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int show_current_calls_above_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int show_statusbar_only_on_dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int show_tutorials_instead_of_app
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int use_android_native_contact_edit_interface
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int use_linphone_chat_storage
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int use_linphone_server_ports
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$bool: int use_simple_history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int black
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int color_black
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int color_dark
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int color_gray
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int color_light
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int color_violet
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int color_white
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int edittextcolor
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int gray
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int home_title_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int landscape_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int main_app_color
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int missed_calls_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int numpad_background_bottom
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int numpad_background_dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int numpad_background_top
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int orange
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_button_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_button_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_button_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_contrast
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_header
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_switch
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int text_switch_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int transparent
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$color: int tv_login_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int about_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int about_chat_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int about_chat_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int about_chat_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int about_settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int about_settings_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int about_settings_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int about_settings_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_call_more_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_call_more_disable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_call_more_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_call_more_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_call_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_contact_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_contact_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int add_contact_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int alert
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int an01
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int an02
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int an03
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int an04
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int an05
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int an06
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int android_avatar_big
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int avatar_shadow
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int avatar_shadow_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int avatar_shadow_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int back_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int back_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int back_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int background_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int background_logo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int backspace
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int backspace_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int backspace_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int backspace_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_bottom_center
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_bottom_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_bottom_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_middle_center
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_middle_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_middle_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_top_center
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_top_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_in_top_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_bottom_center
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_bottom_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_bottom_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_middle_center
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_middle_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_middle_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_top_center
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_top_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int baloon_out_top_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int bottom
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int bullet_ball_glass_green_16
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int bullet_ball_glass_grey_16
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int bullet_ball_glass_red_16
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int button_alert_background_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int button_alert_background_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int button_background_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int button_background_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_answer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_answer_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_answer_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_quality_indicator_0
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_quality_indicator_1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_quality_indicator_2
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_quality_indicator_3
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_refused_icon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_refused_icon_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_state_delete_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_state_delete_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_state_outgoing_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_state_ringing_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_status_incoming
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_status_missed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int call_status_outgoing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int cancel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int cancel_white_bg_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int cancel_white_bg_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int cancel_white_bg_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int cell_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int cell_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int cell_call_first
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_bubble_incoming
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_bubble_outgoing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_edit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_edit_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_edit_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_fast_address_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_field_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_icon_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_icon_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_message_delivered
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_message_inprogress
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_message_not_delivered
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_new
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_new_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_new_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_ok_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_ok_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_photo_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_photo_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_photo_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_progressbar_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_send_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_send_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_send_message
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_send_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_send_picture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_stop_upload
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_stop_upload_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int chat_stop_upload_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int checkbox_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int checkbox_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int conf_status_paused
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int conf_unhook
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int conf_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int conference
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int conference_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int conference_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_add_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_add_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_add_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_cancel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_cancel_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_cancel_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_edit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_edit_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_edit_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_ok_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_ok_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contact_ok_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_add_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_add_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_add_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_all
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_all_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_all_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_linphone_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_linphone_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int contacts_sip
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int delete_48
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int delete_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int delete_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_address_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_alt_back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_alt_back_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_alt_back_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_alt_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_alt_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_alt_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_alt_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int dialer_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_angel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_cool
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_crying
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_happy
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_kissing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_laughing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_money_mouth
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_sad
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_surprised
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_tongue_sticking_out
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_undecided
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_winking
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_wtf
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int emo_im_yelling
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int exit_48
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int expand
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int friend_add
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int friend_remove
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int haibao
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int hangup
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int hangup_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int hangup_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_all
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_all_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_all_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_delete
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_delete_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_delete_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_edit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_edit_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_edit_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_missed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_missed_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_missed_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_ok_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_ok_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int history_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_add
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_button_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_button_bg_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_button_bg_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_checkbox_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_checkbox_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_checkbox_selector
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_control_add
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_control_aircon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_control_fan
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_control_icebox
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_control_selector
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_control_tv
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_control_washer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_edittext_margin
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_aircon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_bottom_bar_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_controlicon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_controlicon_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_controlicon_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_email
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_homeicon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_homeicon_checked
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_homeicon_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_light
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_moreicon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_moreicon_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_moreicon_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_selector
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_setting
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_switchicon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_switchicon_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_switchicon_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_videoicon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_videoicon_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_home_videoicon_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_login_button_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_login_edit_avt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_login_edit_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_login_edit_pwd
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_login_input_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_logo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_mute
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_pause
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_pg1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_pg2
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_photo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_recoder
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_videobg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_mainpage_weather
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_more_about
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_more_dot
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_more_question
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_more_selector
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_more_update
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_more_warn
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_submit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_submit_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_submit_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_switch_fan
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_switch_light
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_switch_selector
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_switch_switch
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_toggle_off
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_toggle_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_toggle_selector
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_twowayvideo_photo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_twowayvideo_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_avatar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_bt_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_bt_bgr
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_dial
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_mute
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_offline
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_online
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_photo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_record
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_recorder
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_selector
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_setting
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_state
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_twoway_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_video_videodial
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ic_wo_link_logo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int icon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int input_numbers
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int input_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int led_connected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int led_disconnected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int led_error
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int led_inprogress
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int linphone_banner
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_add
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_add_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_add_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_delete
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_delete_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_delete_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_detail
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_detail_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_detail_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int list_selector
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int logo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int logo_linphone_57x57
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int mark
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int micro_off
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int micro_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int micro_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int micro_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int micro_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int micro_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int micro_on_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int micro_on_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int missed_calls_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_eight
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_eight_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_eight_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_five
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_five_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_five_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_four
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_four_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_four_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_nine
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_nine_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_nine_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_one
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_one_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_one_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_seven
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_seven_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_seven_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_sharp
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_sharp_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_sharp_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_six
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_six_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_six_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_star
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_star_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_star_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_three
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_three_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_three_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_two
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_two_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_two_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_zero
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_zero_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int numpad_zero_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ok_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int ok_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_add_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_add_call_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_add_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_add_default_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_add_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_add_disabled_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_add_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_add_over_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_default_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_disabled_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_over_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_selected_alt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_transfer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_transfer_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_transfer_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int options_transfer_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_off
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_on_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int pause_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int phone_call_25
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int phone_hang_up_48
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int phone_hang_up_64
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int phone_hold_48
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int phone_pick_up_48
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int phone_pick_up_64
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int phone_resume_48
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int phone_speaker_48
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int play
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int play_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int play_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int popup
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_arrow_down
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_arrow_up
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_bottom_frame
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_disambig_bottom_bg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_disambig_divider
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_drop_shadow
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_photo_frame
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_slider_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_slider_btn
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_slider_btn_normal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_slider_btn_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_slider_btn_pressed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_slider_btn_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_slider_grip_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_slider_grip_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int quickcontact_top_frame
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int remove
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_bluetooth_off
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_bluetooth_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_bluetooth_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_bluetooth_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_bluetooth_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_bluetooth_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_phone_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_phone_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_phone_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_phone_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_receiver_off
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_receiver_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_speaker_off
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_speaker_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_speaker_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_speaker_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_speaker_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int route_speaker_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_bluetooth_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_bluetooth_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_bluetooth_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_bluetooth_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_bluetooth_on_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_bluetooth_on_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_phone_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_phone_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_phone_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_phone_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_phone_on_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_phone_on_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_speaker_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_speaker_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_speaker_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_speaker_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_speaker_on_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int routes_speaker_on_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int security_ko
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int security_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int security_pending
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int settings_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int settings_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int settings_selected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_back_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_back_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_back_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_cancel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_cancel_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_cancel_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_cancel_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_field_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_mark
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_next
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_start_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_start_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_start_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_title_assistant
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int setup_welcome_logo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int slider_left
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int slider_right
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int speaker_off
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int speaker_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int speaker_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int speaker_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int speaker_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int speaker_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int speaker_on_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int speaker_on_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int splashscreen
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int statebar_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int status_green
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int status_level
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int status_offline
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int status_orange
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int status_red
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int switch_camera
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int switch_camera_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int switch_camera_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int sym_action_add
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int sym_action_map
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int text_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int text_color
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int text_incall_button_color
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int text_switch_button_color
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int toolsbar_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int transfer_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int transfer_call_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int transfer_call_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int transfer_call_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int transfer_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int transfer_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int unknown_small
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int user_onthephone_24
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int video_off
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int video_off_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int video_off_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int video_off_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int video_on
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int video_on_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int video_on_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int video_on_over
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int wizard_notok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int wizard_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$drawable: int zrtp_popup
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int AboutText
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int AddressId
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Adress
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int ButtonStop
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int CallButton
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit00
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit2
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit3
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit4
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit5
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit6
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit7
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit8
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Digit9
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int DigitHash
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int DigitStar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Erase
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Identity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int MyAddressId
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int OutputText
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int Password
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int State
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int about_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int about_settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int accounts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int add
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int addCall
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int addContact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int addContactRow
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int addFriend
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int addToContacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int addressbar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int allCalls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int allContacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int anim
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int arrow_down
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int arrow_up
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int audioRoute
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int bottomToTop
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int btnsubmit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int bubble
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int callBackRow
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int callDirection
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int callQuality
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int callStats
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int callStatus
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int callTimer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int callTimer_new
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int call_stats_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int calls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int cancel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int cancelUpload
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int chatList
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int chatRow
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int chatScrollView
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int chk_msginfo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int clearFastChatField
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int clearSearchField
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int codec
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int completeChat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int conference
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int conferenceStatus
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int contactAddress
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int contactFirstName
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int contactLastName
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int contactName
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int contactNameOrNumber
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int contactPicture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int contactsList
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int content
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int control_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int controls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int controlsScrollView
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int custom_dialog_imageView_icon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int custom_dialog_textView_msg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int custom_dialog_textView_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int date
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int dateAndTime
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int delete
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int deleteAll
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int detail
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int dial
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int dialBack
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int dont
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int download
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int downloadBandwith
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int draft
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int edit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int editContact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int edit_checkpassword
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int edit_password
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int edit_username
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int encryption
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int exit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int footer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int fragmentContainer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int fragmentContainer2
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int friendStatus
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int handle
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int hangUp
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int header2
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int historyList
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int home_image
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int home_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int home_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int horizontal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int ice
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int icon
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int image
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int imgbtn_capture_img
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int imgbtn_capture_img1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int imgbtn_hang_up
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int imgbtn_hang_up1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int imgbtn_hang_up_phone
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int imgbtn_record_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int incoming_caller_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int incoming_caller_number
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int incoming_picture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int lastMessage
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int led
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int leftToRight
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int linearLayout_main
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int linearLayout_phone_local
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int linearLayout_phone_main
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int linearlayout_main
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int linphoneContacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int list
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int logRow
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int main_content
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int mark
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int menu
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int menubar_image
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int menubar_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int menubar_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int message
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int messageLayout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int messages
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int micro
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int missedCalls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int missedChats
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int moreStatusLed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int more_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int newContact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int newDiscussion
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int newFastChat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int no
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int noCallHistory
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int noChatHistory
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int noContact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int noMissedCallHistory
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int noSipContact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int numeroOrAddress
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int numoraddr
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int numpad
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int options
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int pause
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int picture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int play
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int progressbar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int remoteComposing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int rightToLeft
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int routeBluetooth
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int routeReceiver
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int routeSpeaker
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int routesLayout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int scroll
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int searchField
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int sendMessage
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int sendPicture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int separator
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_apply
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_apply_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_cancel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_check
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_confirm_password_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_create
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_create_account
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_domain
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_email
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_email_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_error
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_login_generic
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_login_generic_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_login_linphone
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_login_linphone_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_next
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_password
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_password_confirm
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_password_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_remote_provisioning
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_remote_provisioning_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_remote_provisioning_url
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_username
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int setup_username_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int sipUri
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int sliding_widget
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int speaker
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int start_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int status
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int statusBar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int statusLed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int statusText
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int switchCamera
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int switch_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int textView1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int time
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int toastMessage
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int toastNotOK
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int toastOK
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int toastRoot
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int topLayout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int topToBottom
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int tracks
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int transfer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int twoway_audio_butt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int twoway_video_butt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int txt_msginfo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int unreadMessages
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int uploadBandwith
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int uploadLayout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int user_login_butt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int vertical
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int videoCaptureSurface
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int videoCaptureSurface1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int videoSurface
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int videoSurface1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int video_frame
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int video_image
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int video_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int video_resolution
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int video_resolution_layout
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int video_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int view_call_incall_audio_imageButton_hang
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int view_call_incall_audio_imageView_avatar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int view_call_incall_audio_relativeLayout_avatar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int view_call_incall_audio_textView_info
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int view_call_incall_audio_textView_remote
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int view_call_incall_video_FrameLayout_local_video_new
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int view_call_incall_video_FrameLayout_remote_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int view_call_trying_linearLayout_pick_or_hang
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$id: int yes
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int about
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int accept_call_update_dialog
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int accounts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int active_call_control_row
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int active_call_image_row
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int activity_home
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int audio
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int avatar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int chat_bubble_alt_incoming
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int chat_bubble_alt_outgoing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int chat_bubble_incoming
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int chat_bubble_outgoing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int chatlist
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int chatlist_cell
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int conference_header
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int contact_add_row
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int contact_cell
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int contact_control_row
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int contact_delete_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int contact_edit_row
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int contacts_list
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int custom_dialog
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int edit_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int fragment_control
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int fragment_home
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int fragment_more
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int fragment_switch
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int fragment_twoway_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int fragment_twoway_video_1
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int fragment_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int hello_world
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int hidden
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int history_cell
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int history_cell_simple
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int history_detail
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int history_group
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int history_simple
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int incall
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int incoming
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int incoming_header
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int launcher
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int loadsplash
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int main
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int main_new
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int menu_about_chat_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int menu_about_settings_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int menu_chat_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int menu_contact_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int menu_history_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int menu_settings_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int menubar
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int new_friend_request_dialog
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int numpad
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int preference_led
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int preference_list_content
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int quickaction
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int screen_box_login
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int screen_main_av
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int screen_user_login
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_back_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_cancel_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_ec_calibration
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_generic_login
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_linphone_login
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_menu
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_next_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_remote_provisioning
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_remote_provisioning_login
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_welcome
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_wizard
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int setup_wizard_confirm
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int status
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int toast
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int tutorials
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int view_call_incall_audio
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int view_call_incall_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$layout: int zrtp_dialog
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$raw: int incoming_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$raw: int linphonerc_default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$raw: int linphonerc_factory
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$raw: int lpconfig
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$raw: int oldphone_mono
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$raw: int ringback
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$raw: int rootca
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$raw: int toy_mono
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int AddCallButtonText
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int CancelButtonText
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int TransferCallButtonText
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int about_bugreport_email
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int about_bugreport_email_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int about_error_generating_bugreport_attachement
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int about_logs_not_found
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int about_mailer_chooser_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int about_reading_logs
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int about_report_issue
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int about_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int accept
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int add_to_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int addressHint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int addressbook_label
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int app_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int at_least_a_protocol
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int bad_target_uri
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int bluetooth_button_txt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_about
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_add_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_add_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_all_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_all_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_bluetooth
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_cancel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_delete_all
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_edit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_micro
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_missed_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_new_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_options
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_receiver
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_route
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_send_message
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_send_picture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_setup_back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_setup_cancel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_setup_next
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_sip_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_speaker
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_transfer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int button_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_error
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_state_incoming
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_state_missed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_state_outgoing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_stats_audio
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_stats_codec
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_stats_download
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_stats_ice
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_stats_upload
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_stats_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_stats_video_resolution
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_update_desc
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_update_no
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_update_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int call_update_yes
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int cannot_resume_paused_by_remote_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int click_to_show_first_login_view
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int close_button_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int communication_encrypted
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conf_admin_choice_enter
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conf_admin_choice_leave
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conf_admin_choice_terminate
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conf_conference
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conf_show_details_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conf_simple_merge_bt_txt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conf_simple_transfer_bt_txt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conf_simple_video_bt_txt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int conference
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int config_error
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int cont
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int contact_first_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int contact_last_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_about
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_add_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_add_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_all_calls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_all_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_call_direction
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_call_quality
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_cancel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_conference
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_contact_picture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_delete
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_detail
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_dial_back
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_edit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_encryption
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_hang_up
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_led
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_linphone_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_mark
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_message_status
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_missed_calls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_new_discussion
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_next
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_numpad
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_pause
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_send_message
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_setup_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_switch_camera
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_switch_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_toggle_micro
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_toggle_speaker
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_validate
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int content_description_welcome
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int copy_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int couldnt_accept_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int decline
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int default_account_flag
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int default_domain
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int default_stun
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int default_tunnel_mode_entry_value
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int delete
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int delete_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int dialer_null_on_new_intent
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int dismiss
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int download_image
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int download_image_failed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int draft
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int ec_calibrated
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int ec_calibrating
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int ec_calibration_launch_message
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_adding_new_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_call_declined
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_cannot_create_default_parameters
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_cannot_get_call_parameters
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_cannot_invite_address
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_incompatible_media
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_low_bandwidth
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_network_unreachable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_user_not_found
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int error_while_accepting_pending_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int failed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int filter_contacts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int first_launch_bad_login_password
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int first_launch_no_login_password
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int first_launch_ok
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int first_launch_suceeded_once_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int first_login_connect
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int first_login_explanation
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int first_login_password
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int first_login_username
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int hangup
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int hint_checkpassword
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int hint_lawcopyright
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int hint_password
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int hint_username
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int history_date_format
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int history_detail_date_format
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int image_not_saved
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int image_picker_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int image_saved
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int importing_messages
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int in_conf
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int in_conf_leave
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int incall_notif_active
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int incall_notif_paused
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int incall_notif_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int incoming
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int incoming_call_dialog_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int linphone_friend_new_request_desc
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int linphone_friend_new_request_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int media_encryption_none
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int media_encryption_srtp
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int media_encryption_zrtp
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_about
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_about_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_clear_history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_exit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_back_to_dialer_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_change_resolution_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_change_resolution_when_high_resolution
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_change_resolution_when_low_resolution
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_switch_camera_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_terminate_call_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_toggle_camera_disable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_toggle_camera_enable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int menu_videocall_toggle_camera_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int messages_date_format
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int mutemic_button_txt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int never_remind
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int new_fast_chat
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int no
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int no_call_history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int no_chat_history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int no_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int no_echo
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int no_missed_call_history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int no_phone_numbers
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int no_sip_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int not_ready_to_make_new_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int notification_register_failure
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int notification_registered
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int notification_started
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int notification_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int out_conf
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int out_conf_enter
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int phone_number
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int picture_name_format
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int place_call_chooser
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_activated_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_add_account
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_advanced
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_advanced_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_amr_summary
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_animation_enable_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_animation_enable_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_hacks_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_hacks_use_galaxys_hack_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_hacks_use_galaxys_hack_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_hacks_use_routing_api_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_hacks_use_routing_api_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_port_description
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_port_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_port_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_ringtone
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_soft_volume_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_soft_volume_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_use_specific_mode_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_use_specific_mode_summary
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_audio_use_specific_mode_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_auth_userid
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_auth_userid_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_auto_accept_friends_desc
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_auto_accept_friends_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_auto_accept_friends_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_autostart
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_autostart_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_avpf
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_avpf_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_avpf_rr_interval
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_avpf_rr_interval_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_background_mode
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_background_mode_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_amr
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_amr_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_amrwb
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_amrwb_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_g722
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_g722_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_g729
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_g729_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_gsm
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_gsm_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_ilbc
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_ilbc_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_opus
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_opus_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_pcma
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_pcma_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_pcmu
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_pcmu_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_silk12
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_silk12_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_silk16
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_silk16_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_silk24
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_silk24_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_silk8
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_silk8_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_speex16
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_speex16_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_speex32_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_speex8
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codec_speex8_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codecs
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_codecs_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_communication_expire_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_debug
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_debug_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_default_account
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_default_account_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_delete_account
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_disable_account
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_disable_account_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_display_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_display_name_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_display_name_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_domain
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_domain_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_echo_cancellation
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_echo_cancellation_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_echo_cancellation_summary
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_echo_canceller_calibration
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_echo_canceller_calibration_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_enable_outbound_proxy
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_enable_outbound_proxy_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_escape_plus
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_escape_plus_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_expire_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_expire_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_extra_accounts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_first_time_linphone_chat_storage
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_help_auth_userid
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_help_display_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_help_domain
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_help_outbound_proxy
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_help_proxy
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_help_username
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_ice_enable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_ice_enable_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_ice_enable_summary
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_ilbc_summary
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_image_sharing_server_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_image_sharing_server_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_incoming_call_timeout_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_incoming_call_timeout_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_incoming_expire_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_ipv6_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_ipv6_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_linphone_friend_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_linphone_friend_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_manage
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_manage_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_media_encryption
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_media_encryption_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_media_encryption_key_none
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_media_encryption_key_srtp
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_media_encryption_key_zrtp
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_network_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_passwd
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_passwd_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_preferences
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_preferred_video_size
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_preferred_video_size_hd
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_preferred_video_size_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_preferred_video_size_qvga
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_preferred_video_size_vga
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_prefix
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_prefix_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_primary_account_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_proxy
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_proxy_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_push_notification
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_push_notification_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_remote_provisioning_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_remote_provisioning_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_rfc2833_dtmf
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_rfc2833_dtmf_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_sip_port_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_sip_port_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_sipaccount
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_sipaccount_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_sipaccounts
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_sipaccounts_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_sipinfo_dtmf
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_sipinfo_dtmf_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_stun_server
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_stun_server_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_tcp
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_tcp_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_tls
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_tls_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_udp
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_udp_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_use_random_ports
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_transport_use_random_ports_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_tunnel
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_tunnel_host
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_tunnel_host_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_tunnel_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_tunnel_mode
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_tunnel_mode_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_tunnel_port
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_tunnel_port_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_upnp_enable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_upnp_enable_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_user_name_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_user_name_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_username
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_username_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_automatically_accept_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_automatically_accept_video_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_automatically_accept_video_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_automatically_share_my_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_automatically_share_my_video_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_automatically_share_my_video_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_h263_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_h263_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_h264_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_h264_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_h264_unavailable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_mpeg4_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_mpeg4_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_mpeg4_unavailable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_vp8_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codec_vp8_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codecs_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_codecs_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_enable_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_enable_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_initiate_call_with_video
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_initiate_call_with_video_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_initiate_call_with_video_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_port_description
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_port_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_port_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_settings_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_use_front_camera_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_video_use_front_camera_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_wifi_only
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_wifi_only_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int pref_wizard_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int push_reg_id_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int push_sender_id
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int push_sender_id_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int remote_composing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int reset_sas_fmt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int resume_dialog_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int retry
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int save_picture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int service_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_account_not_validated
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_account_validated
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_apply
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_check_account_validation
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_confirm_username
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_create
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_create_account
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_domain_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_ec_calibration
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_email_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_forced_proxy
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_general_account_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_key
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_linphone_account_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_login_generic
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_login_linphone
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_password_confirm_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_password_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_remote_provisioning
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_remote_provisioning_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_remote_provisioning_login_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_remote_provisioning_url_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_username_hint
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_validate_account
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int setup_welcome
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int share_picture_size_large
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int share_picture_size_medium
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int share_picture_size_real
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int share_picture_size_small
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int show_image
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int show_send_dtmfs_button
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int sip_address
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int skipable_error_service_not_ready
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int speaker_button_txt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int state_incoming_received
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int state_outgoing_progress
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int state_outgoing_ringing
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int state_paused
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int state_paused_by_remote
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int state_streams_running
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int status_active_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int status_conf_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int status_connected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int status_error
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int status_in_progress
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int status_not_connected
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int string_btn_reg
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int string_remember_password
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int string_remember_usernmae
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int string_user_login
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int tab_contact
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int tab_dialer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int tab_history
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int temp_photo_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int temp_photo_name_with_date
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int text_copied_to_clipboard
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int title_numbers_dialog
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int today
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int today_date_format
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int transfer_dialog_title
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int transfer_started
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int transfer_to_new_call
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int tunnel_host
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int tunnel_mode_entry_value_3G_only
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int tunnel_mode_entry_value_always
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int tunnel_mode_entry_value_auto
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int tunnel_mode_entry_value_disabled
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int unknown_incoming_call_name
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int unread_messages
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int uploading_image
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int verify_sas_fmt
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wait
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wait_dialog_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int waiting_for_startup
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int warning_already_incall
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int warning_wrong_destination_address
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wizard_email_incorrect
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wizard_failed
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wizard_password_incorrect
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wizard_passwords_unmatched
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wizard_server_unavailable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wizard_url
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wizard_username_incorrect
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wizard_username_unavailable
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wrong_domain
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wrong_passwd
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wrong_settings
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int wrong_username
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int yes
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int yesterday
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int zrtp_accept
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int zrtp_deny
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$string: int zrtp_help
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int BaseActivityStyle
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int BasicEdittextStyle
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int CustomCheckboxTheme
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int Default
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int DialerDigit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int FullScreen
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int NoTitle
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int TextAppearance_SlidingTabActive
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$style: int TextAppearance_SlidingTabNormal
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int[] AvatarWithShadow
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int AvatarWithShadow_picture
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int[] MenubarView
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int MenubarView_background
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int MenubarView_src
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int MenubarView_text
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int MenubarView_text_size
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int[] Numpad
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int Numpad_play_dtmf
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int[] SlidingDrawer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_content
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_direction
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_handle
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int[] SlidingTab
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$styleable: int SlidingTab_orientation
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$xml: int account_preferences
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.R$xml: int preferences
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ScreenHome
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ScreenHome: ScreenHome()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ScreenHome: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.SmartApplication
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.SmartApplication: SmartApplication()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.StatusFragment
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.StatusFragment: StatusFragment()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.UserLoginActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.UserLoginActivity: UserLoginActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.UserLoginActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.gcm.GCMReceiver
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.gcm.GCMReceiver: GCMReceiver()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.gcm.GCMService
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.gcm.GCMService: GCMService()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.RemoteProvisioningLoginActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.RemoteProvisioningLoginActivity: RemoteProvisioningLoginActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.RemoteProvisioningLoginActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.SetupActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.SetupActivity: SetupActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.SetupActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.SetupFragmentsEnum: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.SetupFragmentsEnum[] values()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.SetupFragmentsEnum: com.inhuasoft.smart.client.setup.SetupFragmentsEnum valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatusActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatusActivity: TutorialBuddyStatusActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialChatRoomActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialChatRoomActivity: TutorialChatRoomActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorldActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorldActivity: TutorialHelloWorldActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialLauncherActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialLauncherActivity: TutorialLauncherActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialLauncherActivity: void startHelloWorldTutorial(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialLauncherActivity: void startRegistrationTutorial(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialLauncherActivity: void startChatRoomTutorial(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialLauncherActivity: void startBuddyStatusTutorial(android.view.View)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialRegistrationActivity
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.tutorials.TutorialRegistrationActivity: TutorialRegistrationActivity()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText: void setPictureUri(android.net.Uri)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText: android.net.Uri getPictureUri()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText: AddressText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText: java.lang.String getDisplayedName()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText: void setDisplayedName(java.lang.String)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText: java.lang.String getHintText()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText: void setDialerFragment(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.DialerFragment)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AvatarWithShadow
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AvatarWithShadow: AvatarWithShadow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AvatarWithShadow: android.widget.ImageView getView()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AvatarWithShadow: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AvatarWithShadow: void setImageResource(int)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.CallButton
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.CallButton: void setAddressWidget(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.CallButton: void setExternalClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.CallButton: CallButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Digit
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Digit: void setAddressWidget(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Digit: void setPlayDtmf(boolean)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Digit: Digit(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Digit: Digit(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Digit: Digit(android.content.Context)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.EraseButton
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.EraseButton: EraseButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.EraseButton: void setAddressWidget(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneScrollView
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneScrollView: LinphoneScrollView(android.content.Context)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneScrollView: LinphoneScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneScrollView: LinphoneScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneScrollView: void setScrollViewListener(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.ScrollViewListener)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneSliders
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneSliders: LinphoneSliders(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneSliders: void setOnTriggerListener(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.LinphoneSliders$LinphoneSliderTriggered)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Numpad
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Numpad: void setPlayDtmf(boolean)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Numpad: Numpad(android.content.Context,boolean)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Numpad: Numpad(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.Numpad: void setAddressWidget(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.AddressText)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer: SlidingDrawer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer: SlidingDrawer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer: int getCustomBottom()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer: void setOnDrawerOpenListener(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerOpenListener)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer: void setOnDrawerCloseListener(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerCloseListener)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer: void setOnDrawerScrollListener(com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerScrollListener)
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer: android.view.View getHandle()
com.inhuasoft.smart.client.ui.SlidingDrawer: android.view.View getContent()
org.linphone.core.CallDirection
org.linphone.core.CallDirection: org.linphone.core.CallDirection Outgoing
org.linphone.core.CallDirection: org.linphone.core.CallDirection Incoming
org.linphone.core.CallDirection: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.CallDirection: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.CallDirection: CallDirection(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.CallDirection: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo: org.linphone.core.Reason getReason()
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo: int getProtocolCode()
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo: java.lang.String getPhrase()
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo: java.lang.String getDetails()
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: org.linphone.core.Reason mReason
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: int mCode
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: java.lang.String mPhrase
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: java.lang.String mDetails
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: int getReason(long)
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: int getProtocolCode(long)
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: java.lang.String getPhrase(long)
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: java.lang.String getDetails(long)
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: ErrorInfoImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: org.linphone.core.Reason getReason()
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: int getProtocolCode()
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: java.lang.String getPhrase()
org.linphone.core.ErrorInfoImpl: java.lang.String getDetails()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: java.lang.String getDisplayName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: java.lang.String getUserName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: java.lang.String getDomain()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: java.lang.String getPort()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: int getPortInt()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: void setDisplayName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: void setUserName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: void setDomain(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: void setPort(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: void setPortInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: void clean()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: java.lang.String asString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: java.lang.String asStringUriOnly()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType getTransport()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress: void setTransport(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType LinphoneTransportUdp
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType LinphoneTransportTcp
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType LinphoneTransportTls
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: LinphoneAddress$TransportType(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType: int toInt()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: int[] $SWITCH_TABLE$org$linphone$core$LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: long newLinphoneAddressImpl(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: long ref(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void unref(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: long clone(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String getDisplayName(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String getUserName(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String getDomain(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: int getTransport(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String toUri(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setDisplayName(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setDomain(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setUserName(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setTransport(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String toString(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: LinphoneAddressImpl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: LinphoneAddressImpl(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: LinphoneAddressImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: LinphoneAddressImpl(long,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String getDisplayName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String getDomain()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String getUserName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType getTransport()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String toUri()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setDisplayName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String asString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String asStringUriOnly()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void clean()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: java.lang.String getPort()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: int getPortInt()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setDomain(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setPort(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setPortInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setUserName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: void setTransport(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress$TransportType)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl: int[] $SWITCH_TABLE$org$linphone$core$LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode FromNew
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode FromConst
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode FromExisting
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode: LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode(java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode[] values()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddressImpl$WrapMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: java.lang.String getUsername()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: void setUsername(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: java.lang.String getPassword()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: void setPassword(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: java.lang.String getRealm()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: void setRealm(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: java.lang.String getUserId()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: void setUserId(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: java.lang.String getHa1()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: void setHa1(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: void setDomain(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: java.lang.String getDomain()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo clone()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: boolean ownPtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: long newLinphoneAuthInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void delete(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getPassword(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getRealm(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getUsername(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setPassword(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setRealm(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setUsername(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setUserId(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setHa1(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getUserId(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getHa1(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getDomain(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setDomain(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: LinphoneAuthInfoImpl(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: LinphoneAuthInfoImpl(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: LinphoneAuthInfoImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getPassword()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getRealm()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getUsername()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setPassword(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setRealm(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setUsername(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getUserId()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setUserId(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getHa1()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setHa1(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: void setDomain(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.String getDomain()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo clone()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfoImpl: java.lang.Object clone()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State getState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getRemoteAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.CallDirection getDirection()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog getCallLog()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats getAudioStats()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats getVideoStats()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams getRemoteParams()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams getCurrentParamsCopy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void enableCamera(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: boolean cameraEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void enableEchoCancellation(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: boolean isEchoCancellationEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void enableEchoLimiter(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: boolean isEchoLimiterEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall getReplacedCall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: int getDuration()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: float getCurrentQuality()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: float getAverageQuality()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: java.lang.String getAuthenticationToken()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: boolean isAuthenticationTokenVerified()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void setAuthenticationTokenVerified(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: boolean isInConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: float getPlayVolume()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: java.lang.String getRemoteUserAgent()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: java.lang.String getRemoteContact()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void takeSnapshot(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void zoomVideo(float,float,float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void startRecording()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void stopRecording()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State getTransferState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: void sendInfoMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall getTransfererCall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall getTransferTargetCall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.Reason getReason()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall: org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo getErrorInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State Idle
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State IncomingReceived
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State OutgoingInit
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State OutgoingProgress
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State OutgoingRinging
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State OutgoingEarlyMedia
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State Connected
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State StreamsRunning
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State Pausing
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State Paused
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State Resuming
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State Refered
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State Error
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State CallEnd
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State PausedByRemote
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State CallUpdatedByRemote
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State CallIncomingEarlyMedia
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State CallUpdating
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State CallReleased
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: int value()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: LinphoneCall$State(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean ownPtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats audioStats
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats videoStats
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void finalize(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: long getCallLog(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean isIncoming(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: long getRemoteAddress(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: int getState(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: long getCurrentParamsCopy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: long getRemoteParams(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void enableCamera(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean cameraEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void enableEchoCancellation(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean isEchoCancellationEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void enableEchoLimiter(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean isEchoLimiterEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.Object getReplacedCall(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: int getDuration(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: float getCurrentQuality(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: float getAverageQuality(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: LinphoneCallImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog getCallLog()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void setAudioStats(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void setVideoStats(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats getAudioStats()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats getVideoStats()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.CallDirection getDirection()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getRemoteAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State getState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams getCurrentParamsCopy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams getRemoteParams()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void enableCamera(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean cameraEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: int hashCode()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void enableEchoCancellation(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean isEchoCancellationEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void enableEchoLimiter(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean isEchoLimiterEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall getReplacedCall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: int getDuration()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: float getAverageQuality()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: float getCurrentQuality()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.String getAuthenticationToken(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.String getAuthenticationToken()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean isAuthenticationTokenVerified(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean isAuthenticationTokenVerified()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void setAuthenticationTokenVerified(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void setAuthenticationTokenVerified(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: boolean isInConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: float getPlayVolume(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: float getPlayVolume()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.String getRemoteUserAgent(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.String getRemoteUserAgent()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.String getRemoteContact(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.String getRemoteContact()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void takeSnapshot(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void takeSnapshot(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void zoomVideo(long,float,float,float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void zoomVideo(float,float,float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void startRecording(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void startRecording()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void stopRecording(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void stopRecording()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: int getTransferState(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State getTransferState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: int sendInfoMessage(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: void sendInfoMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.Object getTransfererCall(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall getTransfererCall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: java.lang.Object getTransferTargetCall(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall getTransferTargetCall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.Reason getReason()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: long getErrorInfo(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallImpl: org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo getErrorInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getFrom()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getTo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog: org.linphone.core.CallDirection getDirection()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus getStatus()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog: java.lang.String getStartDate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog: long getTimestamp()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog: int getCallDuration()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog: int getCallId()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus Success
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus Aborted
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus Missed
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus Declined
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus: int toInt()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: long getFrom(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: long getTo(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: boolean isIncoming(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: int getStatus(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: java.lang.String getStartDate(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: int getCallDuration(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: int getCallId(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: long getTimestamp(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: LinphoneCallLogImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: org.linphone.core.CallDirection getDirection()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getFrom()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getTo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog$CallStatus getStatus()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: java.lang.String getStartDate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: int getCallDuration()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: int getCallId()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLogImpl: long getTimestamp()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: void setVideoEnabled(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: boolean getVideoEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: void setAudioBandwidth(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption getMediaEncryption()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: void setMediaEnctyption(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: org.linphone.core.PayloadType getUsedAudioCodec()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: org.linphone.core.PayloadType getUsedVideoCodec()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: void enableLowBandwidth(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: boolean isLowBandwidthEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: void setRecordFile(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: void addCustomHeader(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: void setPrivacy(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: int getPrivacy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: void setSessionName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: java.lang.String getSessionName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: org.linphone.core.VideoSize getSentVideoSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams: org.linphone.core.VideoSize getReceivedVideoSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: LinphoneCallParamsImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void enableVideo(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: boolean getVideoEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void audioBandwidth(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setMediaEncryption(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: int getMediaEncryption(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: long getUsedAudioCodec(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: long getUsedVideoCodec(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void destroy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void enableLowBandwidth(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: boolean isLowBandwidthEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: boolean getVideoEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setVideoEnabled(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setAudioBandwidth(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption getMediaEncryption()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setMediaEnctyption(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: org.linphone.core.PayloadType getUsedAudioCodec()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: org.linphone.core.PayloadType getUsedVideoCodec()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: boolean localConferenceMode(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: boolean localConferenceMode()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void enableLowBandwidth(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: boolean isLowBandwidthEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setRecordFile(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setRecordFile(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void addCustomHeader(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void addCustomHeader(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setPrivacy(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setPrivacy(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: int getPrivacy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: int getPrivacy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setSessionName(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: void setSessionName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: java.lang.String getSessionName(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: java.lang.String getSessionName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: int[] getSentVideoSize(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: org.linphone.core.VideoSize getSentVideoSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: int[] getReceivedVideoSize(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParamsImpl: org.linphone.core.VideoSize getReceivedVideoSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType getMediaType()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState getIceState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getDownloadBandwidth()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getUploadBandwidth()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getSenderLossRate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getReceiverLossRate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getSenderInterarrivalJitter()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getReceiverInterarrivalJitter()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getRoundTripDelay()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: long getLatePacketsCumulativeNumber()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getJitterBufferSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getLocalLossRate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats: float getLocalLateRate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState NotActivated
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState Failed
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState InProgress
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState HostConnection
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState ReflexiveConnection
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState RelayConnection
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: LinphoneCallStats$IceState(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType Audio
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType Video
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: LinphoneCallStats$MediaType(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: int mediaType
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: int iceState
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float downloadBandwidth
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float uploadBandwidth
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float senderLossRate
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float receiverLossRate
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float senderInterarrivalJitter
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float receiverInterarrivalJitter
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float roundTripDelay
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: long latePacketsCumulativeNumber
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float jitterBufferSize
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float localLossRate
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float localLateRate
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: int getMediaType(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: int getIceState(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getDownloadBandwidth(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getUploadBandwidth(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getSenderLossRate(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getReceiverLossRate(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getSenderInterarrivalJitter(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getReceiverInterarrivalJitter(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getRoundTripDelay(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: long getLatePacketsCumulativeNumber(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getJitterBufferSize(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getLocalLossRate(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getLocalLateRate(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: void updateStats(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: LinphoneCallStatsImpl(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: void updateRealTimeStats(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$MediaType getMediaType()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats$IceState getIceState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getDownloadBandwidth()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getUploadBandwidth()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getSenderLossRate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getReceiverLossRate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getSenderInterarrivalJitter()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getReceiverInterarrivalJitter()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getRoundTripDelay()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: long getLatePacketsCumulativeNumber()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getJitterBufferSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getLocalLossRate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStatsImpl: float getLocalLateRate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: java.lang.String getText()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getPeerAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getFrom()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: java.lang.String getExternalBodyUrl()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: void setExternalBodyUrl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: void addCustomHeader(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: long getTime()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State getStatus()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: boolean isRead()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: boolean isOutgoing()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: void store()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: int getStorageId()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: org.linphone.core.Reason getReason()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage: org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo getErrorInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State Idle
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State InProgress
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State Delivered
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State NotDelivered
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: int value()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: LinphoneChatMessage$State(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State: int toInt()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$StateListener
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$StateListener: void onLinphoneChatMessageStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: java.lang.String getText(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: long getPeerAddress(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: java.lang.String getExternalBodyUrl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: void setExternalBodyUrl(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: long getFrom(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: long getTime(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: int getStatus(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: boolean isRead(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: boolean isOutgoing(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: void store(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: int getStorageId(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: void unref(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: LinphoneChatMessageImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: java.lang.String getText()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getPeerAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: java.lang.String getExternalBodyUrl()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: void setExternalBodyUrl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getFrom()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: void addCustomHeader(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: void addCustomHeader(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: long getTime()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State getStatus()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: boolean isRead()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: boolean isOutgoing()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: void store()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: int getStorageId()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: int getReason(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: org.linphone.core.Reason getReason()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: long getErrorInfo(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo getErrorInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessageImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getPeerAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: void sendMessage(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: void sendMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$StateListener)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage createLinphoneChatMessage(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage[] getHistory()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage[] getHistory(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: void destroy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: int getUnreadMessagesCount()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: void deleteHistory()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: void compose()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: boolean isRemoteComposing()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: void markAsRead()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: void deleteMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: void updateUrl(org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage createLinphoneChatMessage(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State,long,boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore getCore()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: long createLinphoneChatMessage(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: long getPeerAddress(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void sendMessage(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void sendMessage2(long,java.lang.Object,long,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$StateListener)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: long[] getHistory(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void destroy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: int getUnreadMessagesCount(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void deleteHistory(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void compose(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: boolean isRemoteComposing(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void markAsRead(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void deleteMessage(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void updateUrl(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: long createLinphoneChatMessage2(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,long,boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: LinphoneChatRoomImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getPeerAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void sendMessage(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void sendMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$StateListener)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage createLinphoneChatMessage(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage[] getHistory()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage[] getHistory(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void destroy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: int getUnreadMessagesCount()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void deleteHistory()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void compose()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: boolean isRemoteComposing()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void markAsRead()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void deleteMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: void updateUrl(org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage createLinphoneChatMessage(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State,long,boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: java.lang.Object getCore(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoomImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore getCore()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: java.lang.String getType()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: java.lang.String getSubtype()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: java.lang.String getEncoding()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: java.lang.String getDataAsString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: byte[] getData()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: int getSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: void setType(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: void setSubtype(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: void setEncoding(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: void setStringData(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent: void setData(byte[])
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: java.lang.String mType
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: java.lang.String mSubtype
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: java.lang.String mEncoding
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: byte[] mData
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: LinphoneContentImpl(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: java.lang.String getType()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: java.lang.String getSubtype()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: java.lang.String getDataAsString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: int getSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: void setType(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: void setSubtype(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: void setStringData(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: void setData(byte[])
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: java.lang.String getEncoding()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: byte[] getData()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneContentImpl: void setEncoding(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setContext(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void clearProxyConfigs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void addProxyConfig(org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void removeProxyConfig(org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setDefaultProxyConfig(org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig getDefaultProxyConfig()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo[] getAuthInfosList()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo findAuthInfo(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void removeAuthInfo(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void clearAuthInfos()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void addAuthInfo(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress interpretUrl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall invite(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall invite(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void terminateCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void declineCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.Reason)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall getCurrentCall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getRemoteAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isIncall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isInComingInvitePending()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void iterate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void acceptCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void acceptCallWithParams(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void acceptCallUpdate(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void deferCallUpdate(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog[] getCallLogs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setNetworkReachable(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isNetworkReachable()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void destroy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPlaybackGain(float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: float getPlaybackGain()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPlayLevel(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getPlayLevel()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void muteMic(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isMicMuted()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void sendDtmf(char)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void playDtmf(char,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void stopDtmf()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void clearCallLogs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.PayloadType findPayloadType(java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.PayloadType findPayloadType(java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.PayloadType findPayloadType(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enablePayloadType(org.linphone.core.PayloadType,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isPayloadTypeEnabled(org.linphone.core.PayloadType)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPayloadTypeBitrate(org.linphone.core.PayloadType,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getPayloadTypeBitrate(org.linphone.core.PayloadType)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enableEchoCancellation(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isEchoCancellationEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isEchoLimiterEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setSignalingTransportPorts(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports getSignalingTransportPorts()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setSipDscp(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getSipDscp()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enableSpeaker(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isSpeakerEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void addFriend(org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPresenceInfo(int,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus getPresenceInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPresenceModel(org.linphone.core.PresenceModel)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel getPresenceModel()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom getOrCreateChatRoom(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setVideoWindow(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPreviewWindow(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setDeviceRotation(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setVideoDevice(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getVideoDevice()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isVideoSupported()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enableVideo(boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isVideoEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setStunServer(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: java.lang.String getStunServer()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setFirewallPolicy(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy getFirewallPolicy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall inviteAddressWithParams(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int updateCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams createDefaultCallParameters()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setRing(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: java.lang.String getRing()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setRootCA(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setUploadBandwidth(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setDownloadBandwidth(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setDownloadPtime(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setUploadPtime(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPreferredVideoSize(org.linphone.core.VideoSize)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPreferredVideoSizeByName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.VideoSize getPreferredVideoSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.PayloadType[] getAudioCodecs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.PayloadType[] getVideoCodecs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enableKeepAlive(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isKeepAliveEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void startEchoCalibration(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean needsEchoCalibration()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enableIpv6(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isIpv6Enabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void adjustSoftwareVolume(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean pauseCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean resumeCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean pauseAllCalls()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setZrtpSecretsCache(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enableEchoLimiter(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isInConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean enterConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void leaveConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void addToConference(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void removeFromConference(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void addAllToConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void terminateConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getConferenceSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void startConferenceRecording(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void stopConferenceRecording()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void terminateAllCalls()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall[] getCalls()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getCallsNb()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void transferCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void transferCallToAnother(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall startReferedCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall findCallFromUri(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getMaxCalls()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setMaxCalls(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isMyself(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean soundResourcesLocked()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean mediaEncryptionSupported(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setMediaEncryption(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption getMediaEncryption()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setMediaEncryptionMandatory(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isMediaEncryptionMandatory()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPlayFile(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void tunnelEnable(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void tunnelAutoDetect()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void tunnelCleanServers()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void tunnelSetHttpProxy(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void tunnelAddServerAndMirror(java.lang.String,int,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isTunnelAvailable()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig[] getProxyConfigList()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setVideoPolicy(boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean getVideoAutoInitiatePolicy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean getVideoAutoAcceptPolicy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setStaticPicture(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setUserAgent(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setCpuCount(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void removeCallLog(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getMissedCallsCount()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void resetMissedCallsCount()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void refreshRegisters()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: java.lang.String getVersion()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void removeFriend(org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend findFriendByAddress(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setAudioPort(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setAudioPortRange(int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setAudioDscp(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getAudioDscp()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setVideoPort(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setVideoPortRange(int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setVideoDscp(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getVideoDscp()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setIncomingTimeout(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setInCallTimeout(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setMicrophoneGain(float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setPrimaryContact(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: java.lang.String getPrimaryContactUsername()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: java.lang.String getPrimaryContactDisplayName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setUseSipInfoForDtmfs(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean getUseSipInfoForDtmfs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setUseRfc2833ForDtmfs(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean getUseRfc2833ForDtmfs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LpConfig getConfig()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean upnpAvailable()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState getUpnpState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: java.lang.String getUpnpExternalIpaddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage createInfoMessage()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent subscribe(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String,int,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent createSubscribe(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent createPublish(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent publish(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String,int,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setChatDatabasePath(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom[] getChatRooms()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: java.lang.String[] getSupportedVideoSizes()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int migrateToMultiTransport()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean acceptEarlyMedia(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean acceptEarlyMediaWithParams(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig createProxyConfig()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setCallErrorTone(org.linphone.core.Reason,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setTone(org.linphone.core.ToneID,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void setMtu(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: int getMtu()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enableSdp200Ack(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean isSdp200AckEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void disableChat(org.linphone.core.Reason)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void enableChat()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: boolean chatEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore: void stopRinging()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: int IN_PROGRESS_STATUS
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: int DONE_STATUS
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: int FAILED_STATUS
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: int DONE_NO_ECHO_STATUS
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus InProgress
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus Done
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus Failed
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus DoneNoEcho
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus: int value()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy NoFirewall
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy UseNatAddress
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy UseStun
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy UseIce
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy UseUpnp
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy: int value()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState GlobalOff
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState GlobalStartup
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState GlobalOn
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState GlobalShutdown
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState GlobalConfiguring
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: LinphoneCore$GlobalState(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption None
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption SRTP
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption ZRTP
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState RegistrationNone
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState RegistrationProgress
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState RegistrationOk
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState RegistrationCleared
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState RegistrationFailed
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: LinphoneCore$RegistrationState(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState ConfiguringSuccessful
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState ConfiguringFailed
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState ConfiguringSkipped
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports: int udp
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports: int tcp
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports: int tls
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports: LinphoneCore$Transports()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports: LinphoneCore$Transports(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState Idle
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState Pending
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState Adding
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState Removing
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState NotAvailable
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState Ok
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState Ko
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState Blacklisted
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: LinphoneCore$UpnpState(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreException
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreException: LinphoneCoreException()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreException: LinphoneCoreException(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreException: LinphoneCoreException(java.lang.Throwable)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreException: LinphoneCoreException(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: java.lang.String factoryName
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory theLinphoneCoreFactory
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: LinphoneCoreFactory()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: void setFactoryClassName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory instance()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo createAuthInfo(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo createAuthInfo(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore createLinphoneCore(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore createLinphoneCore(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress createLinphoneAddress(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress createLinphoneAddress(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LpConfig createLpConfig(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig createProxyConfig(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: void setDebugMode(boolean,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: void setLogHandler(org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend createLinphoneFriend(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend createLinphoneFriend()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent createLinphoneContent(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent createLinphoneContent(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity createPresenceActivity(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.PresenceService createPresenceService(java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel createPresenceModel()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel createPresenceModel(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactory: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel createPresenceModel(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: boolean loadOptionalLibrary(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo createAuthInfo(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress createLinphoneAddress(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress createLinphoneAddress(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LpConfig createLpConfig(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore createLinphoneCore(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore createLinphoneCore(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig createProxyConfig(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: void setDebugMode(boolean,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: void _setLogHandler(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: void setLogHandler(org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend createLinphoneFriend(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend createLinphoneFriend()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: boolean isArmv7()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo createAuthInfo(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent createLinphoneContent(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent createLinphoneContent(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity createPresenceActivity(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceService createPresenceService(java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel createPresenceModel()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel createPresenceModel(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreFactoryImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel createPresenceModel(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener mListener
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: android.content.Context mContext
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: android.media.AudioManager mAudioManager
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean mSpeakerEnabled
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int FIND_PAYLOAD_IGNORE_RATE
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int FIND_PAYLOAD_IGNORE_CHANNELS
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long newLinphoneCore(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void iterate(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long getDefaultProxyConfig(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setDefaultProxyConfig(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int addProxyConfig(org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig,long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeProxyConfig(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void clearAuthInfos(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void clearProxyConfigs(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addAuthInfo(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeAuthInfo(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object invite(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void terminateCall(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long getRemoteAddress(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isInCall(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isInComingInvitePending(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void acceptCall(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long getCallLog(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getNumberOfCallLogs(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void delete(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setNetworkStateReachable(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isNetworkStateReachable(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPlaybackGain(long,float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: float getPlaybackGain(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void muteMic(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long interpretUrl(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object inviteAddress(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object inviteAddressWithParams(long,long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void sendDtmf(long,char)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void clearCallLogs(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isMicMuted(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long findPayloadType(long,java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int enablePayloadType(long,long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isPayloadTypeEnabled(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableEchoCancellation(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isEchoCancellationEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object getCurrentCall(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void playDtmf(long,char,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void stopDtmf(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoWindowId(long,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPreviewWindowId(long,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setDeviceRotation(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addFriend(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPresenceInfo(long,int,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getPresenceInfo(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPresenceModel(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object getPresenceModel(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long getOrCreateChatRoom(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableVideo(long,boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isVideoEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isVideoSupported(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setFirewallPolicy(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getFirewallPolicy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setStunServer(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getStunServer(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long createDefaultCallParams(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int updateCall(long,long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUploadBandwidth(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setDownloadBandwidth(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPreferredVideoSize(long,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPreferredVideoSizeByName(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int[] getPreferredVideoSize(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setRing(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getRing(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setRootCA(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long[] listVideoPayloadTypes(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long[] getProxyConfigList(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long[] getAuthInfosList(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long findAuthInfos(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long[] listAudioPayloadTypes(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableKeepAlive(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isKeepAliveEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int startEchoCalibration(long,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getSignalingTransportPort(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setSignalingTransportPorts(long,int,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableIpv6(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isIpv6Enabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int pauseCall(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int pauseAllCalls(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int resumeCall(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUploadPtime(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setDownloadPtime(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setZrtpSecretsCache(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableEchoLimiter(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int setVideoDevice(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getVideoDevice(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getMediaEncryption(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMediaEncryption(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isMediaEncryptionMandatory(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMediaEncryptionMandatory(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeCallLog(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getMissedCallsCount(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void resetMissedCallsCount(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getVersion(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setAudioPort(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoPort(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setAudioPortRange(long,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoPortRange(long,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setIncomingTimeout(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setInCallTimeout(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPrimaryContact(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getPrimaryContactUsername(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getPrimaryContactDisplayName(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setChatDatabasePath(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long[] getChatRooms(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int migrateToMultiTransport(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long createProxyConfig(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setCallErrorTone(long,int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableSdp200Ack(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isSdp200AckEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void stopRinging(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: LinphoneCoreImpl(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener,java.io.File,java.io.File,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: LinphoneCoreImpl(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean contextInitialized()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setContext(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addAuthInfo(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeAuthInfo(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig getDefaultProxyConfig()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall invite(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void iterate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setDefaultProxyConfig(org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addProxyConfig(org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeProxyConfig(org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void clearAuthInfos()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void clearProxyConfigs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void terminateCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getRemoteAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isIncall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isInComingInvitePending()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void acceptCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog[] getCallLogs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void destroy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void isValid()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setNetworkReachable(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPlaybackGain(float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: float getPlaybackGain()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void muteMic(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress interpretUrl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall invite(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void sendDtmf(char)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void clearCallLogs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isMicMuted()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.PayloadType findPayloadType(java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enablePayloadType(org.linphone.core.PayloadType,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isPayloadTypeEnabled(org.linphone.core.PayloadType)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableEchoCancellation(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isEchoCancellationEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall getCurrentCall()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getPlayLevel()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPlayLevel(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void applyAudioHacks()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setAudioModeIncallForGalaxyS()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void routeAudioToSpeakerHelper(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void forceSpeakerState(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableSpeaker(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isSpeakerEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void playDtmf(char,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void stopDtmf()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addFriend(org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPresenceInfo(int,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus getPresenceInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPresenceModel(org.linphone.core.PresenceModel)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel getPresenceModel()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom getOrCreateChatRoom(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPreviewWindow(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoWindow(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setDeviceRotation(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableVideo(boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isVideoEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isVideoSupported()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy getFirewallPolicy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getStunServer()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setFirewallPolicy(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$FirewallPolicy)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setStunServer(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams createDefaultCallParameters()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall inviteAddressWithParams(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int updateCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUploadBandwidth(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setDownloadBandwidth(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPreferredVideoSize(org.linphone.core.VideoSize)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPreferredVideoSizeByName(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.VideoSize getPreferredVideoSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setRing(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getRing()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setRootCA(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig[] getProxyConfigList()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.PayloadType[] getVideoCodecs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.PayloadType[] getAudioCodecs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isNetworkReachable()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableKeepAlive(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isKeepAliveEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void startEchoCalibration(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports getSignalingTransportPorts()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setSignalingTransportPorts(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$Transports)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableIpv6(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isIpv6Enabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void adjustSoftwareVolume(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean pauseCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean resumeCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean pauseAllCalls()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setDownloadPtime(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUploadPtime(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setZrtpSecretsCache(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableEchoLimiter(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoDevice(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getVideoDevice()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void leaveConference(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void leaveConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean enterConference(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean enterConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isInConference(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isInConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void terminateConference(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void terminateConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getConferenceSize(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getConferenceSize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getCallsNb(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getCallsNb()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void terminateAllCalls(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void terminateAllCalls()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object getCall(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall[] getCalls()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addAllToConference(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addAllToConference()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addToConference(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void addToConference(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeFromConference(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeFromConference(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long getCallPtr(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long getCallParamsPtr(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int transferCall(long,long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void transferCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int transferCallToAnother(long,long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void transferCallToAnother(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object findCallFromUri(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall findCallFromUri(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption getMediaEncryption()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isMediaEncryptionMandatory()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMediaEncryption(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMediaEncryptionMandatory(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getMaxCalls(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getMaxCalls()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isMyself(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean soundResourcesLocked(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean soundResourcesLocked()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMaxCalls(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMaxCalls(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isEchoLimiterEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isEchoLimiterEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean mediaEncryptionSupported(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean mediaEncryptionSupported(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$MediaEncryption)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPlayFile(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPlayFile(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelAddServerAndMirror(long,java.lang.String,int,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelAddServerAndMirror(java.lang.String,int,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelAutoDetect(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelAutoDetect()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelCleanServers(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelCleanServers()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelEnable(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelEnable(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isTunnelAvailable()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void acceptCallWithParams(long,long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void acceptCallWithParams(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void acceptCallUpdate(long,long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void acceptCallUpdate(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void deferCallUpdate(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void deferCallUpdate(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoPolicy(long,boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoPolicy(boolean,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean getVideoAutoInitiatePolicy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean getVideoAutoInitiatePolicy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean getVideoAutoAcceptPolicy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean getVideoAutoAcceptPolicy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setStaticPicture(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setStaticPicture(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUserAgent(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUserAgent(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setCpuCountNative(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setCpuCount(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getMissedCallsCount()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeCallLog(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallLog)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void resetMissedCallsCount()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelSetHttpProxy(long,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void tunnelSetHttpProxy(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void refreshRegisters(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void refreshRegisters()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getVersion()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.PayloadType findPayloadType(java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeFriend(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void removeFriend(org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long getFriendByAddress(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend findFriendByAddress(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setAudioPort(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoPort(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setAudioPortRange(int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoPortRange(int,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setIncomingTimeout(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setInCallTimeout(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMicrophoneGain(long,float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMicrophoneGain(float)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPrimaryContact(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getPrimaryContactUsername()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getPrimaryContactDisplayName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUseSipInfoForDtmfs(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUseSipInfoForDtmfs(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean getUseSipInfoForDtmfs(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean getUseSipInfoForDtmfs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUseRfc2833ForDtmfs(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setUseRfc2833ForDtmfs(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean getUseRfc2833ForDtmfs(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean getUseRfc2833ForDtmfs()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long getConfig(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LpConfig getConfig()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean needsEchoCalibration(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean needsEchoCalibration()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void declineCall(long,long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void declineCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.Reason)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean upnpAvailable(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean upnpAvailable()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getUpnpState(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$UpnpState getUpnpState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getUpnpExternalIpaddress(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String getUpnpExternalIpaddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int startConferenceRecording(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void startConferenceRecording(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int stopConferenceRecording(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void stopConferenceRecording()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.PayloadType findPayloadType(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setSipDscp(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setSipDscp(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getSipDscp(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getSipDscp()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setAudioDscp(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setAudioDscp(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getAudioDscp(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getAudioDscp()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoDscp(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setVideoDscp(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getVideoDscp(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getVideoDscp()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: long createInfoMessage(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage createInfoMessage()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object subscribe(long,long,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent subscribe(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String,int,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object publish(long,long,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent publish(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String,int,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object createSubscribe(long,long,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent createSubscribe(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.Object createPublish(long,long,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent createPublish(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setChatDatabasePath(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom[] getChatRooms()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo[] getAuthInfosList()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAuthInfo findAuthInfo(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall startReferedCall(long,long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall startReferedCall(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String[] listSupportedVideoResolutions(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: java.lang.String[] getSupportedVideoSizes()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int migrateToMultiTransport()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean acceptEarlyMedia(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean acceptEarlyMedia(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean acceptEarlyMediaWithParams(long,long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean acceptEarlyMediaWithParams(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallParams)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig createProxyConfig()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setCallErrorTone(org.linphone.core.Reason,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMtu(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setMtu(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getMtu(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getMtu()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableSdp200Ack(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean isSdp200AckEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setTone(long,int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setTone(org.linphone.core.ToneID,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void disableChat(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void disableChat(org.linphone.core.Reason)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableChat(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void enableChat()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean chatEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: boolean chatEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void stopRinging()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPayloadTypeBitrate(long,long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: void setPayloadTypeBitrate(org.linphone.core.PayloadType,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getPayloadTypeBitrate(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl: int getPayloadTypeBitrate(org.linphone.core.PayloadType)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void authInfoRequested(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void globalState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void callState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void callStatsUpdated(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void callEncryptionChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,boolean,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void registrationState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void newSubscriptionRequest(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void notifyPresenceReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void textReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void messageReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void isComposingReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void dtmfReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void ecCalibrationStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus,int,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,byte[])
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void transferState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void infoReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void subscriptionStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void publishStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.PublishState)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void configuringStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void show(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void displayStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void displayMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreListener: void displayWarning(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: java.lang.String getEventName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir getSubscriptionDir()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState getSubscriptionState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void acceptSubscription()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void denySubscription(org.linphone.core.Reason)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void notify(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void updateSubscribe(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void updatePublish(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void terminate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: org.linphone.core.Reason getReason()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo getErrorInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void setUserContext(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: java.lang.Object getUserContext()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void addCustomHeader(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void sendSubscribe(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: void sendPublish(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore getCore()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: java.lang.Object mUserContext
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: long mNativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: LinphoneEventImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: java.lang.String getEventName(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: java.lang.String getEventName()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int acceptSubscription(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void acceptSubscription()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int denySubscription(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void denySubscription(org.linphone.core.Reason)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int notify(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void notify(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int updateSubscribe(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void updateSubscribe(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int updatePublish(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void updatePublish(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int terminate(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void terminate()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int getReason(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: org.linphone.core.Reason getReason()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void setUserContext(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: java.lang.Object getUserContext()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int getSubscriptionDir(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir getSubscriptionDir()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: int getSubscriptionState(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState getSubscriptionState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void unref(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void addCustomHeader(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void addCustomHeader(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: java.lang.String getCustomHeader(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void sendSubscribe(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void sendSubscribe(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void sendPublish(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: void sendPublish(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: long getErrorInfo(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo getErrorInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: java.lang.Object getCore(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneEventImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore getCore()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: void setAddress(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: void setIncSubscribePolicy(org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy getIncSubscribePolicy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: void enableSubscribes(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: boolean isSubscribesEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus getStatus()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel getPresenceModel()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: void edit()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: void done()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: int mValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy SPWait
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy SPDeny
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy SPAccept
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: boolean ownPtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: long newLinphoneFriend(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void setAddress(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: long getAddress(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void setIncSubscribePolicy(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: int getIncSubscribePolicy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void enableSubscribes(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: boolean isSubscribesEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: int getStatus(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: java.lang.Object getPresenceModel(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void setPresenceModel(long,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void edit(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void done(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void delete(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: java.lang.Object getCore(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: LinphoneFriendImpl()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: LinphoneFriendImpl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: LinphoneFriendImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void setAddress(org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress getAddress()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void setIncSubscribePolicy(org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend$SubscribePolicy getIncSubscribePolicy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void enableSubscribes(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: boolean isSubscribesEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus getStatus()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceModel getPresenceModel()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void edit()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: void done()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriendImpl: java.lang.Object getSyncObject()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage: void setContent(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage: org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent getContent()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage: void addHeader(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage: java.lang.String getHeader(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent mContent
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: java.lang.Object getContent(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: LinphoneInfoMessageImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: void setContent(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: void setContent(org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent getContent()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: void addHeader(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: void addHeader(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: java.lang.String getHeader(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: java.lang.String getHeader(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: void delete(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessageImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler
org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler: int Fatal
org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler: int Error
org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler: int Warn
org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler: int Info
org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler: int Debug
org.linphone.core.LinphoneLogHandler: void log(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig edit()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void done()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setIdentity(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: java.lang.String getIdentity()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setProxy(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: java.lang.String getProxy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig enableRegister(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: boolean registerEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: java.lang.String normalizePhoneNumber(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setDialPrefix(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: java.lang.String getDialPrefix()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setDialEscapePlus(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: boolean getDialEscapePlus()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: java.lang.String getDomain()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: boolean isRegistered()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setRoute(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: java.lang.String getRoute()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void enablePublish(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: boolean publishEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState getState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setExpires(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: int getExpires()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setPrivacy(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: int getPrivacy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void enableAvpf(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setAvpfRRInterval(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: int getAvpfRRInterval()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: boolean avpfEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setContactParameters(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: java.lang.String getContactParameters()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: void setContactUriParameters(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: java.lang.String getContactUriParameters()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: int lookupCCCFromIso(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: int lookupCCCFromE164(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: org.linphone.core.Reason getError()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig: org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo getErrorInfo()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl mCore
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean ownPtr
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int getState(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setExpires(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int getExpires(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: LinphoneProxyConfigImpl(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: LinphoneProxyConfigImpl(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCoreImpl,long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: long newLinphoneProxyConfig()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void delete(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void edit(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void done(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setIdentity(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getIdentity(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int setProxy(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getProxy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void enableRegister(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean isRegisterEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean isRegistered(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setDialPrefix(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getDialPrefix(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String normalizePhoneNumber(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getDomain(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setDialEscapePlus(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean getDialEscapePlus(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getRoute(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int setRoute(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void enablePublish(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean publishEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setContactParameters(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int lookupCCCFromIso(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int lookupCCCFromE164(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig enableRegister(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void done()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig edit()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setIdentity(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setProxy(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String normalizePhoneNumber(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setDialPrefix(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getDialPrefix()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getDomain()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setDialEscapePlus(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean getDialEscapePlus()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getIdentity()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getProxy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean isRegistered()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean registerEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getRoute()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setRoute(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void enablePublish(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState getState()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setExpires(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int getExpires()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean publishEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setContactParameters(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int lookupCCCFromIso(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int lookupCCCFromE164(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int getError(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: org.linphone.core.Reason getError()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setPrivacy(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setPrivacy(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int getPrivacy(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int getPrivacy()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void enableAvpf(long,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void enableAvpf(boolean)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean avpfEnabled(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: boolean avpfEnabled()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setAvpfRRInterval(long,int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setAvpfRRInterval(int)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int getAvpfRRInterval(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: int getAvpfRRInterval()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getContactParameters(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getContactParameters()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setContactUriParameters(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: void setContactUriParameters(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getContactUriParameters(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: java.lang.String getContactUriParameters()
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: long getErrorInfo(long)
org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfigImpl: org.linphone.core.ErrorInfo getErrorInfo()
org.linphone.core.LpConfig
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: void setInt(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: void setFloat(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,float)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: void setBool(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: void setString(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: void setIntRange(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: int getInt(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: float getFloat(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,float)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: boolean getBool(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: java.lang.String getString(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: int[] getIntRange(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfig: void sync()
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: boolean ownPtr
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: LpConfigImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: long newLpConfigImpl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void delete(long)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: LpConfigImpl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void sync(long)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void sync()
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setInt(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setInt(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setFloat(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,float)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setFloat(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,float)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setBool(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setBool(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setString(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setString(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setIntRange(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: void setIntRange(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: int getInt(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: int getInt(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: float getFloat(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,float)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: float getFloat(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,float)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: boolean getBool(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: boolean getBool(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: java.lang.String getString(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: java.lang.String getString(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: int[] getIntRange(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.LpConfigImpl: int[] getIntRange(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus Offline
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus Online
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus Busy
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus BeRightBack
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus Away
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus OnThePhone
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus OutToLunch
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus DoNotDisturb
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus StatusMoved
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus StatusAltService
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus Pending
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: int mValue
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: OnlineStatus(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.OnlineStatus: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.PayloadType
org.linphone.core.PayloadType: java.lang.String getMime()
org.linphone.core.PayloadType: int getRate()
org.linphone.core.PayloadType: void setRecvFmtp(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PayloadType: java.lang.String getRecvFmtp()
org.linphone.core.PayloadType: void setSendFmtp(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PayloadType: java.lang.String getSendFmtp()
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: long nativePtr
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: java.lang.String toString(long)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: java.lang.String getMime(long)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: int getRate(long)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: PayloadTypeImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: int getRate()
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: java.lang.String getMime()
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: void setRecvFmtp(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: void setRecvFmtp(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: java.lang.String getRecvFmtp(long)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: java.lang.String getRecvFmtp()
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: void setSendFmtp(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: void setSendFmtp(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: java.lang.String getSendFmtp(long)
org.linphone.core.PayloadTypeImpl: java.lang.String getSendFmtp()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType getType()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity: int setType(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity: java.lang.String getDescription()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity: int setDescription(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: long mNativePtr
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: PresenceActivityImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: long newPresenceActivityImpl(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: PresenceActivityImpl(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: void unref(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: java.lang.String toString(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: int getType(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType getType()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: int setType(long,int)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: int setType(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: java.lang.String getDescription(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: java.lang.String getDescription()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: int setDescription(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: int setDescription(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityImpl: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Offline
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Online
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Appointment
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Away
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Breakfast
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Busy
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Dinner
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Holiday
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType InTransit
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType LookingForWork
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Lunch
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Meal
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Meeting
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType OnThePhone
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Other
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Performance
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType PermanentAbsence
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Playing
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Presentation
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Shopping
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Sleeping
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Spectator
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Steering
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Travel
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType TV
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Unknown
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Vacation
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Working
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Worship
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType Invalid
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: int mValue
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: PresenceActivityType(java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: int toInt()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType[] values()
org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus Open
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus Closed
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus Invalid
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: int mValue
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: PresenceBasicStatus(java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: int toInt()
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus[] values()
org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus getBasicStatus()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int setBasicStatus(org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: long getTimestamp()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: java.lang.String getContact()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: void setContact(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity getActivity()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int setActivity(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: long getNbActivities()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity getNthActivity(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int addActivity(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int clearActivities()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: org.linphone.core.PresenceNote getNote(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int addNote(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int clearNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: long getNbServices()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: org.linphone.core.PresenceService getNthService(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int addService(org.linphone.core.PresenceService)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int clearServices()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: long getNbPersons()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: org.linphone.core.PresencePerson getNthPerson(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int addPerson(org.linphone.core.PresencePerson)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModel: int clearPersons()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long mNativePtr
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: PresenceModelImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long newPresenceModelImpl()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: PresenceModelImpl()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long newPresenceModelImpl(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: PresenceModelImpl(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long newPresenceModelImpl(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: PresenceModelImpl(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: void unref(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int getBasicStatus(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus getBasicStatus()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int setBasicStatus(long,int)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int setBasicStatus(org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getTimestamp(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getTimestamp()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: java.lang.String getContact(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: java.lang.String getContact()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: void setContact(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: void setContact(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: java.lang.Object getActivity(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity getActivity()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int setActivity(long,int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int setActivity(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivityType,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getNbActivities(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getNbActivities()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: java.lang.Object getNthActivity(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity getNthActivity(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int addActivity(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int addActivity(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int clearActivities(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int clearActivities()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: java.lang.Object getNote(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceNote getNote(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int addNote(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int addNote(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int clearNotes(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int clearNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getNbServices(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getNbServices()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: java.lang.Object getNthService(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceService getNthService(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int addService(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int addService(org.linphone.core.PresenceService)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int clearServices(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int clearServices()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getNbPersons(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getNbPersons()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: java.lang.Object getNthPerson(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: org.linphone.core.PresencePerson getNthPerson(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int addPerson(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int addPerson(org.linphone.core.PresencePerson)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int clearPersons(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: int clearPersons()
org.linphone.core.PresenceModelImpl: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.PresenceNote
org.linphone.core.PresenceNote: java.lang.String getContent()
org.linphone.core.PresenceNote: int setContent(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNote: java.lang.String getLang()
org.linphone.core.PresenceNote: int setLang(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNote: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: long mNativePtr
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: PresenceNoteImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: long newPresenceNoteImpl(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: PresenceNoteImpl(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: void unref(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: java.lang.String getContent(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: java.lang.String getContent()
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: int setContent(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: int setContent(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: java.lang.String getLang(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: java.lang.String getLang()
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: int setLang(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: int setLang(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceNoteImpl: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: java.lang.String getId()
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: int setId(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: long getNbActivities()
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity getNthActivity(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: int addActivity(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity)
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: int clearActivities()
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: long getNbNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: org.linphone.core.PresenceNote getNthNote(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: int addNote(org.linphone.core.PresenceNote)
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: int clearNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: long getNbActivitiesNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: org.linphone.core.PresenceNote getNthActivitiesNote(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: int addActivitiesNote(org.linphone.core.PresenceNote)
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: int clearActivitesNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresencePerson: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long mNativePtr
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: PresencePersonImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long newPresencePersonImpl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: PresencePersonImpl(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: void unref(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: java.lang.String getId(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: java.lang.String getId()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int setId(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int setId(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long getNbActivities(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long getNbActivities()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: java.lang.Object getNthActivity(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity getNthActivity(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int addActivity(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int addActivity(org.linphone.core.PresenceActivity)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int clearActivities(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int clearActivities()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long getNbNotes(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long getNbNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: java.lang.Object getNthNote(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceNote getNthNote(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int addNote(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int addNote(org.linphone.core.PresenceNote)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int clearNotes(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int clearNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long getNbActivitiesNotes(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long getNbActivitiesNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: java.lang.Object getNthActivitiesNote(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceNote getNthActivitiesNote(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int addActivitiesNote(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int addActivitiesNote(org.linphone.core.PresenceNote)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int clearActivitesNotes(long)
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: int clearActivitesNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresencePersonImpl: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.PresenceService
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: java.lang.String getId()
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: int setId(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus getBasicStatus()
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: int setBasicStatus(org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus)
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: java.lang.String getContact()
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: int setContact(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: long getNbNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: org.linphone.core.PresenceNote getNthNote(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: int addNote(org.linphone.core.PresenceNote)
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: int clearNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresenceService: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: long mNativePtr
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: PresenceServiceImpl(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: long newPresenceServiceImpl(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: PresenceServiceImpl(java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: void unref(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: void finalize()
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: java.lang.String getId(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: java.lang.String getId()
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int setId(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int setId(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int getBasicStatus(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus getBasicStatus()
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int setBasicStatus(long,int)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int setBasicStatus(org.linphone.core.PresenceBasicStatus)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: java.lang.String getContact(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: java.lang.String getContact()
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int setContact(long,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int setContact(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: long getNbNotes(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: long getNbNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: java.lang.Object getNthNote(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: org.linphone.core.PresenceNote getNthNote(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int addNote(long,long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int addNote(org.linphone.core.PresenceNote)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int clearNotes(long)
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: int clearNotes()
org.linphone.core.PresenceServiceImpl: long getNativePtr()
org.linphone.core.Privacy
org.linphone.core.Privacy: int NONE
org.linphone.core.Privacy: int USER
org.linphone.core.Privacy: int HEADER
org.linphone.core.Privacy: int SESSION
org.linphone.core.Privacy: int ID
org.linphone.core.Privacy: int CRITICAL
org.linphone.core.Privacy: int DEFAULT
org.linphone.core.PublishState
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState None
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState Progress
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState Ok
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState Error
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState Expiring
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState Cleared
org.linphone.core.PublishState: int mValue
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.core.PublishState: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.PublishState: PublishState(java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState[] values()
org.linphone.core.PublishState: org.linphone.core.PublishState valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.Reason
org.linphone.core.Reason: java.util.Vector values
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason None
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason NoResponse
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason BadCredentials
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason Declined
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason NotFound
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason NotAnswered
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason Busy
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason Media
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason IOError
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason DoNotDisturb
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason Unauthorized
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason NotAcceptable
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason NoMatch
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason MovedPermanently
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason Gone
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason TemporarilyUnavailable
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason AddressIncomplete
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason NotImplemented
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason BadGateway
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason ServerTimeout
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason Unknown
org.linphone.core.Reason: int mValue
org.linphone.core.Reason: java.lang.String mStringValue
org.linphone.core.Reason: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.Reason: Reason(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.Reason: org.linphone.core.Reason fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.Reason: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir Incoming
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir Outgoing
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir Invalid
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: int mValue
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: SubscriptionDir(java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir[] values()
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionDir valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState None
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState OutoingProgress
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState IncomingReceived
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState Pending
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState Active
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState Terminated
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState Error
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState Expiring
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: int mValue
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: SubscriptionState(java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState[] values()
org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState: org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.ToneID
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID Undefined
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID Busy
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID CallWaiting
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID CallOnHold
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID CallLost
org.linphone.core.ToneID: int mValue
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.core.ToneID: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.core.ToneID: ToneID(java.lang.String,int,int)
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID fromInt(int)
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID[] values()
org.linphone.core.ToneID: org.linphone.core.ToneID valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.VideoSize
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: int QCIF
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: int CIF
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: int HVGA
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: int QVGA
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: int width
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: int height
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: VideoSize()
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: VideoSize(int,int)
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: org.linphone.core.VideoSize createStandard(int,boolean)
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: boolean isValid()
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: int hashCode()
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: java.lang.String toDisplayableString()
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: java.lang.String toString()
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: boolean isPortrait()
org.linphone.core.VideoSize: org.linphone.core.VideoSize createInverted()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: boolean running
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier TutorialNotifier
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: TutorialBuddyStatus(org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: TutorialBuddyStatus()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void newSubscriptionRequest(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void notifyPresenceReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void registrationState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void show(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void byeReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void displayStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void displayMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void displayWarning(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void globalState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void textReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void callState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void callStatsUpdated(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void ecCalibrationStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus,int,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void callEncryptionChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,boolean,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,byte[])
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void dtmfReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,int)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void main(java.lang.String[])
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void launchTutorial(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void stopMainLoop()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void write(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void messageReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void transferState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void infoReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void subscriptionStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void publishStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.PublishState)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void isComposingReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void configuringStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialBuddyStatus: void authInfoRequested(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: boolean running
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier TutorialNotifier
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: TutorialChatRoom(org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: TutorialChatRoom()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void show(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void byeReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void authInfoRequested(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void displayStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void displayMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void displayWarning(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void globalState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void registrationState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void newSubscriptionRequest(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void notifyPresenceReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void callState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void callStatsUpdated(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void ecCalibrationStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus,int,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void callEncryptionChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,boolean,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,byte[])
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void dtmfReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,int)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void textReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void main(java.lang.String[])
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void launchTutorial(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void stopMainLoop()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void write(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void messageReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void onLinphoneChatMessageStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage$State)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void transferState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void infoReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void subscriptionStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void publishStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.PublishState)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void isComposingReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialChatRoom: void configuringStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: boolean running
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier TutorialNotifier
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: TutorialHelloWorld(org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: TutorialHelloWorld()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void show(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void byeReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void authInfoRequested(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void displayStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void displayMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void displayWarning(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void globalState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void registrationState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void newSubscriptionRequest(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void notifyPresenceReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void textReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void callStatsUpdated(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void ecCalibrationStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus,int,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void callEncryptionChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,boolean,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,byte[])
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void dtmfReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,int)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void callState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void main(java.lang.String[])
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void launchTutorial(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void stopMainLoop()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void write(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void messageReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void transferState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void infoReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void subscriptionStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void publishStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.PublishState)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void isComposingReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialHelloWorld: void configuringStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier: TutorialNotifier()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier: void notify(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: boolean running
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier TutorialNotifier
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: TutorialRegistration(org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialNotifier)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: TutorialRegistration()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void registrationState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneProxyConfig,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RegistrationState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void show(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void byeReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void authInfoRequested(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void displayStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void displayMessage(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void displayWarning(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void globalState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$GlobalState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void newSubscriptionRequest(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void notifyPresenceReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneFriend)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void textReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void callState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void callStatsUpdated(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCallStats)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void ecCalibrationStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$EcCalibratorStatus,int,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void callEncryptionChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,boolean,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneAddress,byte[])
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void dtmfReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,int)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void main(java.lang.String[])
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void launchTutorial(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void sleep(int)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void stopMainLoop()
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void write(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void messageReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatMessage)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void transferState(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall$State)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void infoReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCall,org.linphone.core.LinphoneInfoMessage)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void subscriptionStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.SubscriptionState)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void notifyReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,java.lang.String,org.linphone.core.LinphoneContent)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void publishStateChanged(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneEvent,org.linphone.core.PublishState)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void isComposingReceived(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneChatRoom)
org.linphone.core.tutorials.TutorialRegistration: void configuringStatus(org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore,org.linphone.core.LinphoneCore$RemoteProvisioningState,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.core.video.VideoUtil
org.linphone.core.video.VideoUtil: VideoUtil()
org.linphone.core.video.VideoUtil: java.util.List createList(java.util.List)
org.linphone.mediastream.Log
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: java.lang.String TAG
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: boolean useIsLoggable
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: boolean isLogEnabled
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: Log(java.lang.String,boolean)
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: boolean isLoggable(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void i(java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void i(java.lang.Throwable,java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void d(java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void d(java.lang.Throwable,java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void w(java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void w(java.lang.Throwable,java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void e(java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void e(java.lang.Throwable,java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void f(java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: void f(java.lang.Throwable,java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.Log: java.lang.String toString(java.lang.Object[])
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: int DEVICE_CHOICE
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: int DEVICE_HAS_BUILTIN_AEC
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: int DEVICE_HAS_BUILTIN_AEC_CRAPPY
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: int DEVICE_USE_ANDROID_MIC
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: int DEVICE_HAS_BUILTIN_OPENSLES_AEC
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext instance
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: void setDeviceFavoriteSampleRate(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: void setDeviceFavoriteBufferSize(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: void addSoundDeviceDescription(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: MediastreamerAndroidContext()
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext getInstance()
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: void addSoundDeviceDesc(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: void setContext(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.mediastream.MediastreamerAndroidContext: int parseInt(java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.Version
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API03_CUPCAKE_15
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API04_DONUT_16
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API05_ECLAIR_20
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API06_ECLAIR_201
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API07_ECLAIR_21
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API08_FROYO_22
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API09_GINGERBREAD_23
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API10_GINGERBREAD_MR1_233
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API11_HONEYCOMB_30
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API12_HONEYCOMB_MR1_31X
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API13_HONEYCOMB_MR2_32
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API14_ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH_40
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API15_ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH_403
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API16_JELLY_BEAN_41
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API17_JELLY_BEAN_42
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API18_JELLY_BEAN_43
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int API19_KITKAT_44
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: java.lang.Boolean hasNeon
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int buildVersion
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: java.lang.Boolean sCacheHasZrtp
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: Version()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean nativeHasZrtp()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean nativeHasNeon()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean isXLargeScreen(android.content.Context)
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean sdkAboveOrEqual(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean sdkStrictlyBelow(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: int sdk()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean isArmv7()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean isX86()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean hasNeon()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean hasFastCpu()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean hasFastCpuWithAsmOptim()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean isVideoCapable()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean isHDVideoCapable()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: boolean hasZrtp()
org.linphone.mediastream.Version: void dumpCapabilities()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: android.view.SurfaceView mVideoRenderingView
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: android.view.SurfaceView mVideoPreviewView
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: boolean useGLrendering
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: android.graphics.Bitmap mBitmap
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: android.view.Surface mSurface
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$VideoWindowListener mListener
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer renderer
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: AndroidVideoWindowImpl(android.view.SurfaceView,android.view.SurfaceView)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: void init()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: void release()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: void setListener(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$VideoWindowListener)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: android.view.Surface getSurface()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmap()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: void setOpenGLESDisplay(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: void requestRender()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: void update()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: int rotationToAngle(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: boolean access$0(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: void access$1(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl,android.graphics.Bitmap)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: void access$2(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl,android.view.Surface)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$VideoWindowListener access$3(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: android.view.SurfaceView access$4(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl: android.view.SurfaceView access$5(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$1
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$1: org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl this$0
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$1: AndroidVideoWindowImpl$1(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$1: void surfaceChanged(android.view.SurfaceHolder,int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$1: void surfaceCreated(android.view.SurfaceHolder)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$1: void surfaceDestroyed(android.view.SurfaceHolder)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$2
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$2: org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl this$0
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$2: AndroidVideoWindowImpl$2(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$2: void surfaceChanged(android.view.SurfaceHolder,int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$2: void surfaceCreated(android.view.SurfaceHolder)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$2: void surfaceDestroyed(android.view.SurfaceHolder)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: int ptr
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: boolean initPending
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: int width
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: int height
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: void setOpenGLESDisplay(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: void onDrawFrame(javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: void onSurfaceChanged(javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$Renderer: void onSurfaceCreated(javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$VideoWindowListener
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$VideoWindowListener: void onVideoRenderingSurfaceReady(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl,android.view.SurfaceView)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$VideoWindowListener: void onVideoRenderingSurfaceDestroyed(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$VideoWindowListener: void onVideoPreviewSurfaceReady(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl,android.view.SurfaceView)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl$VideoWindowListener: void onVideoPreviewSurfaceDestroyed(org.linphone.mediastream.video.AndroidVideoWindowImpl)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: boolean isRecording
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: void putImage(long,byte[])
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: int detectCameras(int[],int[],int[])
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: int[] selectNearestResolutionAvailable(int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: void activateAutoFocus(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: java.lang.Object startRecording(int,int,int,int,int,long)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: void stopRecording(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: void setPreviewDisplaySurface(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: int[] selectNearestResolutionAvailableForCamera(int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper: void applyCameraParameters(android.hardware.Camera,int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper$1
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper$1: long val$nativePtr
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper$1: AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper$1(long)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi5JniWrapper$1: void onPreviewFrame(byte[],android.hardware.Camera)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper: AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper: int detectCameras(int[],int[],int[])
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper: int[] selectNearestResolutionAvailable(int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper: java.lang.Object startRecording(int,int,int,int,int,long)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper: void stopRecording(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper: void setPreviewDisplaySurface(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper$1
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper$1: long val$nativePtr
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper$1: AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper$1(long)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi8JniWrapper$1: void onPreviewFrame(byte[],android.hardware.Camera)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper: AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper: int detectCameras(int[],int[],int[])
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper: int[] selectNearestResolutionAvailable(int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper: java.lang.Object startRecording(int,int,int,int,int,long)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper: void stopRecording(java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper: void setPreviewDisplaySurface(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper: void setCameraDisplayOrientation(int,int,android.hardware.Camera)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper: int[] findClosestEnclosingFpsRange(int,java.util.List)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper$1
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper$1: long val$nativePtr
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper$1: AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper$1(long)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.AndroidVideoApi9JniWrapper$1: void onPreviewFrame(byte[],android.hardware.Camera)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration: org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera[] camerasCache
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration: AndroidCameraConfiguration()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration: org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera[] retrieveCameras()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration: boolean hasSeveralCameras()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration: boolean hasFrontCamera()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration: void initCamerasCache()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration: org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera[] probeCamerasSDK5()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration: org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera[] probeCamerasSDK9()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera: int id
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera: boolean frontFacing
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera: int orientation
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera: java.util.List resolutions
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera: AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera(int,boolean,int,java.util.List)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfigurationReader5
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfigurationReader5: AndroidCameraConfigurationReader5()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfigurationReader5: org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera[] probeCameras()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfigurationReader9
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfigurationReader9: AndroidCameraConfigurationReader9()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfigurationReader9: org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.AndroidCameraConfiguration$AndroidCamera[] probeCameras()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks$BuiltInEchoCancellerModel[] mBuiltInEchoCancellerModels
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: Hacks()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isGalaxySOrTabWithFrontCamera()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isGalaxySOrTabWithoutFrontCamera()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isGalaxySOrTab()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isGalaxyTab()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isGalaxyS()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean hasTwoCamerasRear0Front1()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isADR6400()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isSPHD700()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isSGHI896()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isGT9000()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isSC02B()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isGTP1000()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean isLGP970()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: void sleep(int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean needSoftvolume()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean needGalaxySAudioHack()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean needPausingCallForSpeakers()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean hasCamera()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks: boolean hasBuiltInEchoCanceller()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks$BuiltInEchoCancellerModel
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks$BuiltInEchoCancellerModel: java.lang.String manufacturer
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks$BuiltInEchoCancellerModel: java.lang.String model
org.linphone.mediastream.video.capture.hwconf.Hacks$BuiltInEchoCancellerModel: Hacks$BuiltInEchoCancellerModel(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView: boolean DEBUG
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView: GL2JNIView(android.content.Context)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView: GL2JNIView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView: GL2JNIView(android.content.Context,boolean,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView: void init(boolean,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView: void checkEglError(java.lang.String,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView: void access$0(java.lang.String,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int EGL_OPENGL_ES2_BIT
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int[] s_configAttribs2
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int mRedSize
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int mGreenSize
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int mBlueSize
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int mAlphaSize
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int mDepthSize
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int mStencilSize
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int[] mValue
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser(int,int,int,int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig chooseConfig(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig chooseConfig(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig[])
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: int findConfigAttrib(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: void printConfigs(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig[])
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ConfigChooser: void printConfig(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ContextFactory
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ContextFactory: int EGL_CONTEXT_CLIENT_VERSION
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ContextFactory: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ContextFactory: GL2JNIView$ContextFactory()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ContextFactory: javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext createContext(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ContextFactory: void destroyContext(javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay,javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ContextFactory: GL2JNIView$ContextFactory(org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.GL2JNIView$ContextFactory)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.OpenGLESDisplay
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.OpenGLESDisplay: OpenGLESDisplay()
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.OpenGLESDisplay: void init(int,int,int)
org.linphone.mediastream.video.display.OpenGLESDisplay: void render(int)
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: boolean mAvailable
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: long internalPtr
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: int[] $SWITCH_TABLE$org$linphone$tools$Lpc2Xml$LogLevel
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: void init()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: void destroy()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: Lpc2Xml()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: void finalize()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: int setLpc(org.linphone.core.LpConfig)
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: int convertFile(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: int convertString(java.lang.StringBuffer)
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: void printLog(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: boolean isAvailable()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml: int[] $SWITCH_TABLE$org$linphone$tools$Lpc2Xml$LogLevel()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel DEBUG
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel MESSAGE
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel WARNING
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel ERROR
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: Lpc2Xml$LogLevel(java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel[] values()
org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Lpc2Xml$LogLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: boolean mAvailable
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: long internalPtr
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: int[] $SWITCH_TABLE$org$linphone$tools$Xml2Lpc$LogLevel
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: void init()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: void destroy()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: Xml2Lpc()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: void finalize()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: int setXmlFile(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: int setXmlString(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: int setXsdFile(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: int setXsdString(java.lang.String)
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: int validate()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: int convert(org.linphone.core.LpConfig)
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: void printLog(int,java.lang.String)
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: boolean isAvailable()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc: int[] $SWITCH_TABLE$org$linphone$tools$Xml2Lpc$LogLevel()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel DEBUG
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel MESSAGE
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel WARNING
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel ERROR
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel[] ENUM$VALUES
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: void <clinit>()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: Xml2Lpc$LogLevel(java.lang.String,int)
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel[] values()
org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel: org.linphone.tools.Xml2Lpc$LogLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
